Add Front-end docker (#340)
paritytech/parity-bridges-common: deployments/README.md

Here is an example `.env` file which is used for production deployments and network updates. For
security reasons it is not kept as part of version control. When deploying the network this

> file should be correctly populated and kept in the [`rialto`](./rialto) folder. The `UI_*_PROVIDER` variables let you define the urls of the nodes that the user interface will connect to. Per default, it will connect to the local substrate and ethereum nodes, using their default RPC port. UI_EXPECTED_ETHEREUM_NETWORK_ID should be set to the ethereum network id. This is used by the user interface to prevent users from connecting their Metamask account to another network.

Reviewer: Lines should be less than 100 characters in length. Maybe this is something we should enforce in our editor config actually...

Here is an example `.env` file which is used for production deployments and network updates. For
security reasons it is not kept as part of version control. When deploying the network this
file should be correctly populated and kept in the [`rialto`](./rialto) folder.

> The `UI_SUBSTRATE_PROVIDER` variable let you define the url of the nodes that the user interface
> will connect to. `UI_ETHEREUM_PROVIDER` is used only as a guidance for users to connect to
> Metamask to the right Ethereum network. `UI_EXPECTED_ETHEREUM_NETWORK_ID` should be set to the
> Ethereum network id. This is used by the user interface to prevent users from connecting their
> Metamask to an unexpected network.

Author: ```suggestion
The `UI_SUBSTRATE_PROVIDER` variable lets you define the url of the Substrate node that the user interface
will connect to. `UI_ETHEREUM_PROVIDER` is used only as a guidance for users to connect
Metamask to the right Ethereum network. `UI_EXPECTED_ETHEREUM_NETWORK_ID`  is used by
the user interface as a fail safe to prevent users from connecting their Metamask extension to an
unexpected network.
```
